.TH ola_usbpro 1 "July 2013"
.SH NAME
ola_usbpro \- Configure Enttec USB Pro Devices managed by OLA.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ola_usbpro
-d <dev_id> [--serial | -p <port> --g | -p <port> -b <brk> -m <mab> -r <rate>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ola_usbpro
is used to query and control the parameters of Enttec USB Pro devices.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-a, --assignments"
Get the port assignments.
.IP "-b, --brk <break>"
Set the break time (9 - 127).
.IP "-d, --device <device>"
Id of the device to control.
.IP "-g, --get-params"
Get the current parameters.
.IP "-h, --help"
Display the help message
.IP "-l, --log-level <int8_t>"
Set the logging level 0 .. 4.
.IP "-m, --mab <man>"
Set the make after-break-time (1 - 127).
.IP "-p, --port <port>"
The port to configure.
.IP "-r, --rate <rate>"
Set the transmission rate (1 - 40).
.IP "-s, --serial"
Get the serial number.
.IP "-v, --version"
Display version information
.IP "--syslog"
Send to syslog rather than stderr.
.IP "--no-use-epoll"
Disable the use of epoll(), revert to select()
.IP "--no-use-kqueue"
Disable the use of kqueue(), revert to select()
.IP "--scheduler-policy <policy>"
The thread scheduling policy, one of {fifo, rr}.
.IP "--scheduler-priority <priority>"
The thread priority, only used if --scheduler-policy is set.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS See the current parameters of port 0 of device 9:
ola_usbpro -d 9 -p 0 --get-params
.SS See the port assignments of device 9:
ola_usbpro -d 9 --assignments
.SS Set the packet rate of port 0 of device 9 to 40 packets/s:
ola_usbpro -d 9 -p 0 -r 40
.SS See the serial number of device 9:
ola_usbpro -d 9 --serial
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR olad(1) ,
.BR usbpro_firmware(1) ,
.
