.TH ola_recorder 1 "July 2020"
.SH NAME
ola_recorder \- Record to, or playback from, a file a number of universes for a
show
.SH SYNOPSIS
ola_recorder [--record <file> --universes <universe_list>] [--playback <file>] 
[--verify <file>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
ola_recorder
Record a series of universes, or playback a previously recorded show.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-d, --delay <uint32_t>"
The delay time (milliseconds) between successive iterations.
.IP "-h, --help"
Display the help message
.IP "-i, --iterations <uint32_t>"
The number of times to repeat the show, 0 means unlimited. The duration option
overrides this option.
.IP "-l, --log-level <int8_t>"
Set the logging level 0 .. 4.
.IP "-p, --playback <string>"
The show file to playback.
.IP "--no-verify-playback"
Don't verify the show file before playback.
.IP "-r, --record <string>"
The show file to record data to.
.IP "-u, --universes <string>"
A comma separated list of universes to record
.IP "--verify <string>"
The show file to verify.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print
.B ola_recorder
version information
.IP "--duration <uint32_t>"
Total playback time (seconds); the program will close after this time has
elapsed. This option overrides the iterations option.
.IP "--start <uint_32_t>"
Time (milliseconds) in show file to start playback from.
.IP "--stop <uint32_t>"
Time (milliseconds) in show file to stop playback at.  If the show file is
shorter, the last look will be held until the stop point.
.IP "--syslog"
Send to syslog rather than stderr.
.IP "--no-use-epoll"
Disable the use of epoll(), revert to select()
.IP "--no-use-kqueue"
Disable the use of kqueue(), revert to select()
.IP "--scheduler-policy <policy>"
The thread scheduling policy, one of {fifo, rr}.
.IP "--scheduler-priority <priority>"
The thread priority, only used if --scheduler-policy is set.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Record universes 1 and 2 to the file foo:
ola_recorder --universes 1,2 --record foo
.SS Verify the previously recorded file bar:
ola_recorder --verify bar
.SS Playback the previously recorded file baz for 30 seconds:
ola_recorder --playback baz --duration 30
.SS Playback the previously recorded file baz for 30 seconds, looping between \
1 second and 10 seconds:
ola_recorder --playback baz --duration 30 --start 1000 --stop 10000
.SS Playback the previously recorded file baz for 3 iterations:
ola_recorder --playback baz --iterations 3
.SS Playback the previously recorded file baz, repeating forever:
ola_recorder --playback baz --iterations 0
.SS Playback the previously recorded file baz forever, looping between \
1 second and 10 seconds:
ola_recorder --playback baz --iterations 0 --start 1000 --stop 10000
