.TH olad 1 "August 2018"
.SH NAME
olad \- The Open Lighting Architecture Daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B olad
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B olad
is the Open Lighting Architecture (OLA) daemon. It handles communication
with DMX512 / RDM hardware devices and remote network hosts via various
lighting control protocols.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-c, --config-dir <string>"
The path to the config directory, defaults to ~/.ola/ on *nix and %LOCALAPPDATA%\.ola\ on Windows.
.IP "-d, --http-data-dir <string>"
The path to the static www content.
.IP "-f, --daemon"
Fork and run as a background process.
.IP "-h, --help"
Display the help message
.IP "-i, --interface <string>"
The interface name (e.g. eth0) or IP address of the network interface to use for the web server.
.IP "-l, --log-level <int8_t>"
Set the logging level 0 .. 4. See LOGGING.
.IP "-p, --http-port <uint16_t>"
The port to run the HTTP server on. Defaults to 9090.
.IP "-r, --rpc-port <uint16_t>"
The port to listen for RPCs on. Defaults to 9010.
.IP "-v, --version"
Print
.B olad
version information
.IP "--no-http"
Disable the HTTP server.
.IP "--no-http-quit"
Disable the HTTP /quit handler.
.IP "--no-register-with-dns-sd"
Don't register the web service using DNS-SD (Bonjour).
.IP "--no-use-async-libusb"
Disable the use of the asynchronous libusb calls, revert to synchronous
.IP "--no-use-epoll"
Disable the use of epoll(), revert to select()
.IP "--no-use-kqueue"
Disable the use of kqueue(), revert to select()
.IP "--pid-location <string>"
The directory containing the PID definitions.
.IP "--scheduler-policy <policy>"
The thread scheduling policy, one of {fifo, rr}.
.IP "--scheduler-priority <priority>"
The thread priority, only used if --scheduler-policy is set.
.IP "--syslog"
Send to syslog rather than stderr.
.SH LOGGING
.B olad
can either log to
.BR stderr(4)
or
.BR syslog(5).
Each log level includes those of higher severity.
.IP 0
No logging.
.IP 1
Fatal logging.
.IP 2
Warnings.
.IP 3
Informational logging.
.IP 4
Debug logging.
.SH SIGNALS
Once running, the following signals control the behavior of olad:
.IP "SIGHUP"
Reloads the plugins.
.IP "SIGUSR1"
Increases the logging level, eventually wrapping
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ola_dmxconsole(1) ,
.BR ola_dmxmonitor(1) ,
.
